Describe SSL/TLS?

SSL (secure socket layer)
TLS (transport layer security)
TLS is the newer version of SSL. Its the security encription in HTTPS. Contain data of company assessing information. Allows for safe transfer of data between the browser and the server.

What is webRTC?

Web real-time communication
Allows direct conntion between brosers
Broser A signals to servr with their info to talk to broswer B. Broser B says yes, and sends info to server which goes to broser A. Direct connections established between broswsers with no communication with server.
Users UDP
Faster streaming than web sockets

Differences between Interface and Abstract class

Class can implement multiple interfaces but can eonly extend (inherit) one abstract class
variables declared in interfaces are static while abtract class variables aren't
abstract classes can have a constructor while interfaces can't



max score problem

Implement a Set in javascript

const set = new Set([1,2,3]);
set.length
set.has(5) returns a boolean o(n) sets are iterable

set.add(value)
set.delete(value)
set.clear()
set.keys() and set.values() returns interator object that has values of set
set.forEach()

worked on alation coding challenge

worked on c3 coding challenge

working on getSuggestions methods in core.js of alation project

worked on alation coding project

worked on alation project css

Segment replay 

data lock in - costumer unable transfer data to new service 

what segment replay is 
evaluate new tools with own dataget started right away wit new contracts 
recover lost data when other tools go down 
avoid data lock-in with existing venders
increase leverage in vendor negotiaitons

Replay flow
1. send web and mobile dat to segment 
2. segment stores historical data 
segment streams data to integrations you use today 
4. segment replays historical data into new integrations so you don't have to start from scratch with a new integrations
scratch with a new integration 

Bussness plan cosutmer access 

Bussiness constumers have most data flexibility. They can take advantage of replay when they changevenders or add a vendor to their analitic stack. 
replay timestampled, historical data 
replay works for all server-side destinations that have or accept timestamps, including our Amazon S3 (simple cloud storage service dstination). Get all data since first event sent to segment 
dta warehouse stare of data accumulated from wide range of sources with a company and used to guide management decisions.

Free, team, and bussiness costumers 

Free, team, and bussiness constumers 
multiple options avaible to get access to raw data 
warehouses free team can connect once while bussiness can connect unlimitd. Translate and load raw data logs for powerful anaysis in SQL
S3 logssegment stores all api calls as line-seperated jSON objectws in AMAzon S3 
if amazon s3 is enable, segment copies same data to costumer s3 bucket
the data copied will only include data set to segment after you turn on destination 
updates every hour around the 40 minute mark. 

Webhooks 
can use segments webhooks destination to fire requests in real time 
costumer needs to manage their side (basically recreating what segment does)
If event volume is high, can be difficult to keep a server up to receive those messages in realtime 
Webhooks - provide mechanism for server side to alert 
client side when an event happens 
submit real time data to your own http enpoints in segment UI, click "Add Destination" and search webhooks within destinations catalog and confirm source. 
can specify five different URLs (post request fired)

Iron.io 
similar to webhooks, but manages message queue and allow you to run scripts on data before routing to another endpoint 
work still required from team 
more reliable if event volume gets high 

3rd part reporting APIs 
the most restrictive option, but might be easiest if only need basic data to be exported
examples are clickly and google. they are not flexible and won't see all data from segment (works for basic metrics)
keen.io is more flexible (also availble on segment platform)

segment replay use cases 

evaluate new toos 
get started quickly with new contracts
recovr lose data when integration partners have outages 
Avoid data lock-in with existing vendors 

